feat(documentation): add switch stories (#876)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/components/switch/switch.docs.mdx

import { Meta, Canvas, Story, Source, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta title="Components/Switch" />

# Switch

<p className="lead">
  A switch has the markup of a custom <code>&lt;input type="checkbox"/&gt;</code> but uses the{' '}
  <code>.form-switch</code> class to render a toggle switch.
</p>

Consider using `role="switch"` to more accurately convey the nature of the control to assistive technologies that support this role. In older assistive technologies, it will simply be announced as a regular `checkbox` as a fallback. Switches also support the `disabled` attribute.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-switch--default" />
</Canvas>
<div class="hide-col-default">
  <ArgsTable story="^" />
</div>

## SCSS Imports

To import all styles from the design-system-styles package:

```css dark
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/index.scss';
```

To import only the styles required for this component:

```css dark
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/basics.scss';
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/components/form-check.scss';

// required if you use validation feedbacks
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/components/form-feedback.scss';
```

> ## Specific examples of application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Concrete Examples of Application
```

> The following examples show the different characteristics of the component. These can differ in the type of visualization, the html structure, as well as when, how and why they are displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples show the different characteristics of the component. These can differ in the type of visualization, the HTML structure, as well as when, how and why they are displayed.
```

### Multiline Labels

> Long labels can be used without further ado and are automatically wrapped at the end of the line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Long labels can be used seamlessly and are automatically wrapped at the end of the line.
```

> You can also include inline elements into the label, such as link, strong, etc.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also include inline elements into the label, such as `<a>`, `<strong>`, etc.<br/>
```

> However, make sure to only use the label after the `checkbox` whenever a multiline label is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, make sure to always place multiline labels after the `checkbox`.
```
